---
title: # v0.11.0-preview.0
editLink: true
lastUpdated: false
---

# v0.11.0-preview.0  <Badge type="warning" text="preview" />

_Release Date: 2025-12-11_

### New Features

#### Portfolio features support open in window

Portfolio features including "Deposit","Withdrawals", "Exchange" and "Transaction history" now support opening in new windows, improving operational efficiency without disrupting the main window experience.

#### New Portfolio verify UI

When switching to the "Portfolio" tab for trade password verification or when you haven't deposited funds or opened an account, a more lightweight tab content will be displayed, optimizing the current experience where multiple panels simultaneously show redundant verification information.

#### Quick get stock orders and holdings info

Now supports clicking the stock button in the top-right of panels such as "Today's Orders", "Past Orders" and "Holdings".  Filter out the corresponding orders and holdings for a specific stock with one click, optimizing the current multi-step process to access stock information.

#### Other Improvements

- Enhanced order filtering with quick options switching between stocks and options, allowing users to toggle more efficiently.
- Optimized the display of quote panels on small screens, maintaining minimal display space and preventing content compression.
- "Portfolio" > "Today's Statistics" now supports crypto accounts.
- Fixed issues causing abnormal app exits on Linux systems in certain scenarios.
- Fixed market order history price display issues in order details.

## Downloads


> [!CAUTION]
> This is a preview version for early access, causing a high update frequency, it may have some issues. If you encounter any problems, please try upgrading or downgrading the version.


- [Windows x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.11.0-preview.0-windows-x86_64.exe)
- [macOS ARM](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.11.0-preview.0-macos-aarch64.dmg)
- [macOS x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.11.0-preview.0-macos-x86_64.dmg)
- [Linux x64 (Debian)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.11.0-preview.0-linux-x86_64.deb)
- [Linux x64 (AppImage)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.11.0-preview.0-linux-x86_64.AppImage)