---
title: # v0.1.31-preview.8
editLink: true
---

# v0.1.31-preview.8 <Badge type="warning" text="preview" />

## New

- Added input format validation on the login page to improve input accuracy.
- Displayed keyboard shortcuts in ActionBar tooltips. Use CMD+F1 to F9 to quickly switch between main tabs.

## Improvements

- Refined the login interface layout for better clarity.
- Tooltip in the timeline chart now correctly displays the previous close price.
- Quote Detail now shows fields based on the corresponding market.
- Improved localization and wording in version update prompts for a better user experience.
- Used global state management to synchronize the state between the About page and the Title Bar.
- Optimized workspace initialization to trigger `select_counter` only for the active tab.
- Fixed high CPU usage caused by incorrect handling of `Workspace::CounterChanged` event.
- Improved default value display when `inflow_detail` is missing in Quote Chart.
- Adjusted the position of the clear button in input fields for better UX.
- Removed redundant bottom margin of the logo in ActionBar for a cleaner interface.
- Limited main tab numeric indicators to display only [1 - 9].
- Updated input border color for a more consistent UI style.

## Others

- Fixed incorrect stock information display when a default stock is selected on app startup.
- Fixed unresponsive search result clicks in the Market and Asset tabs.

## Downloads

- [Windows x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-0.1.31-preview.8-windows-x86_64.zip)
- [macOS ARM](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.8-macos-aarch64.dmg)
- [macOS x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.8-macos-x86_64.dmg)
- [Linux x64 (Debian)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.8-linux-x86_64.deb)
- [Linux x64 (AppImage)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.8-linux-x86_64.AppImage)
