---
title: # v0.1.31-preview.6
editLink: true
---

# v0.1.31-preview.6 <Badge type="warning" text="preview" />

- Added the Indicator Settings feature to the chart.
- Hidden the custom layout tab, currently only visible in the project debug mode.
- Implement single-click functionality for opening counters for streamlined user operation.
- Optimized the implementation of the Heatmap to improve rendering performance.
- Profitloss popup detailed information when double-clicking on a target counter to align order interaction.
- Enhanced behavior for action bar clicks in the workspace to display initial views based on workspace configuration.
- Adjusted window closing behavior to differentiate between main and sub-window states.
- Improved click interactions on the asset overview panel, fixing issues with the 'More' menu not responding.
- Fixed dynamic tab index calculations for drag-and-drop actions in the stock tabs.
- Improved icon display issues for predefined tabs during drag-and-drop operations.
- Solved rendering jitter problems in the first frame for various charts, improving interaction experience.
- Made title font size adjustments for indicator settings to streamline the interface.
- Updated chart data fetching to ensure synchronization with correct trade session data.
- Recorded window bounds state after opening windows for improved debugging and configuration.

## Downloads

- [Windows x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.6-windows-x86_64.zip)
- [macOS ARM](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.6-macos-aarch64.dmg)
- [macOS x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.6-macos-x86_64.dmg)
- [Linux x64 (Debian)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.6-linux-x86_64.deb)
- [Linux x64 (AppImage)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.1.31-preview.6-linux-x86_64.AppImage)
