---
title: # v0.6.0-preview.3
editLink: true
lastUpdated: false
---

# v0.6.0-preview.3 <Badge type="warning" text="preview" />

_Release Date: 2025-08-21_

### New Features

- **Holdings**: Added automatic sorting functionality based on market status and optimized the default column order in table headers to help users focus more intuitively on asset overview. Also added an **All** option for convenient viewing of data from different markets in the same list.

### Improvements

- Fixed an issue where the last data point in the cash flow chart could not be selected.
- Fixed overlapping of the X-axis with lines in real-time streaming market charts.
- Corrected missing last bar and non-display of zero-value bars in historical market charts.
- Fixed incorrect display of some fields in order details to ensure data accuracy.
- Improved display of selected custom dates when replacing orders.
- Fixed an issue where the latest price in the price selection list of the trading panel was not centered.
- Optimized recording of browsing history when switching market tabs for quick return.
- Improved login status management to reduce unnecessary logout prompts.

## Downloads

> [!CAUTION]
> This is a preview version for early access, causing a high update frequency, it may have some issues. If you encounter any problems, please try upgrading or downgrading the version.

- [Windows x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.3-windows-x86_64.exe)
- [macOS ARM](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.3-macos-aarch64.dmg)
- [macOS x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.3-macos-x86_64.dmg)
- [Linux x64 (Debian)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.3-linux-x86_64.deb)
- [Linux x64 (AppImage)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.3-linux-x86_64.AppImage)
