---
title: # v0.6.0-preview.1
editLink: true
lastUpdated: false
---

# v0.6.0-preview.1  <Badge type="warning" text="preview" />

_Release Date: 2025-08-14_

### New Features

- **Chart**: Added new chart customization options, enabling users to tailor visualizations to their preferences for enhanced flexibility.
- **Asset**: Introduced display of over-the-counter derivatives market information, providing a comprehensive view of asset details.

### Improvements

- Enhanced progress display during application updates, offering clearer feedback for a smoother user experience.
- Improved real-time user status refresh mechanism, ensuring consistent state synchronization across multiple clients.
- Refined chart notifications to reduce unnecessary alerts, improving focus and usability.
- Optimized empty state display for tick-by-tick data, providing clearer interface cues when no data is available.
- Improved transaction list styling and enhanced attribute functionality, increasing readability and operational efficiency.
- Adjusted the width of the history popup menu for better visual consistency.
- Enhanced the user assets page with an **All** filter option, simplifying overall asset review.
- Upgraded heatmap with additional color gradients and refined zoning, improving data visualization clarity.
- Strengthened transaction amount validation rules to prevent invalid inputs, ensuring data accuracy.
- Refined the order details popup styling and fixed display state issues, enhancing interface clarity.
- Set `Noto Sans` as the fallback font, ensuring better cross-device compatibility.
- Adjusted the right margin of the window title bar for a more balanced layout.
- Fixed missing timeline in the quote chart, ensuring complete market data representation.

## Downloads


> [!CAUTION]
> This is a preview version for early access, causing a high update frequency, it may have some issues. If you encounter any problems, please try upgrading or downgrading the version.


- [Windows x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.1-windows-x86_64.exe)
- [macOS ARM](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.1-macos-aarch64.dmg)
- [macOS x86_64](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.1-macos-x86_64.dmg)
- [Linux x64 (Debian)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.1-linux-x86_64.deb)
- [Linux x64 (AppImage)](https://assets.lbkrs.com/github/release/longbridge-desktop/preview/longbridge-v0.6.0-preview.1-linux-x86_64.AppImage)